Gist.vim
========

This is vimscript for gist (http://gist.github.com)

For the latest version please see https://github.com/mattn/gist-vim

Usage:
------

    :Gist
  post whole text to gist, using default privicy option

    :'<,'>Gist
  post selected text to gist, using defualt privicy option

    :Gist -p
  post whole text to gist as private.
 if you got empty gist list, try :Gist --abandon

    :Gist -a
  post whole text to gist as anonymous.

    :Gist -m
  post multi buffer to gist.

    :Gist -e
  edit the gist. (you need to have opened the gist buffer first)
  you can update the gist with :w command on gist buffer.

    :Gist -e foo.js
  edit the gist with name 'foo.js'. (you need to have opened the gist buffer first)

    :Gist -d
  delete the gist. (you need to have opened the gist buffer first)
  password authentication is needed.

    :Gist -f
      fork the gist. (should be work on gist buffer)
      password authentication is needed.
 
    :Gist XXXXX
  get gist XXXXX.

    :Gist -c XXXXX.
  get gist XXXXX and put to clipboard.

    :Gist -l
  list gists from mine.

    :Gist -la
  list gists from all.

Tips:
-----
  if you set g:gist_clip_command, gist.vim will copy the gist code
    with option '-c'.

    # mac
    let g:gist_clip_command = 'pbcopy'

    # linux
    let g:gist_clip_command = 'xclip -selection clipboard'

    # others(cygwin?)
    let g:gist_clip_command = 'putclip'

  if you want to detect filetype from filename...

    let g:gist_detect_filetype = 1

  if you want to open browser after the post...

    let g:gist_open_browser_after_post = 1

  if you want to change the browser...

    let g:gist_browser_command = 'w3m %URL%'

  or

    let g:gist_browser_command = 'opera %URL% &'

  on windows, should work with your setting.

  if you want to show your private gists with ':Gist -l'

    let g:gist_show_privates = 1

Requirements:
--------
  curl command (http://curl.haxx.se/)
  and if you want to use profile of git, it require git command.

License:
--------

    Copyright 2010 by Yasuhiro Matsumoto
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    
    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
       and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    
    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
    ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
    LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
    FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
    INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
    (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
    SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
    HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
    STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
    ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
    OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Install:
--------
  copy it to your plugin directory.

  gist.vim will create a curl cookie-jar file in your runtimepath.

  rtp:
    plugin/gist.vim
    cookies/github

  if you want to uninstall gist.vim, you will also have to remove 'cookies/github'.

